feat(curriculum): add Movie Ticket Booking Calculator workshop to Python cert (#64866)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-movie-ticket-booking-calculator/6958e59845777391b86d7331.md

---
id: 6958e59845777391b86d7331
title: Step 18
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

Now you will calculate service charges based on the type of seat the user has selected.

> First, create a variable named `service_charges` and set it to `0`.

Reviewer: It should be clear that we are inside the existing `if` statement and we are going to nest another `if` inside it. We should add the `else` in a separate step because this is the first time campers write nested conditionals and it's worth spending a few words on that.
```suggestion
Still inside your last `if` statement body, create a variable named `service_charges` and set it to `0`.
```

---
id: 6958e59845777391b86d7331
title: Step 17
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-17
---

# --description--

> 

Reviewer: We should introduce nested `if` statements in this step, and only then talk about `elif`s

Author: Yesh I was alos thinking this step is lengthy. I will break this step into
- create variable `service_charges` and create `If...else` statement
-  add `elif` statement between the existing `if...else` and print `service_charges` value
